[FLINK-17361] [jdbc] Added custom query on JDBC tables (#11986)
apache/flink: docs/dev/table/connect.md

  'connector.username' = 'name',
  'connector.password' = 'password',
  
  -- **followings are scan options, optional, used when reading from a table**

>   -- optional: SQL query / prepared statement.
>   -- If set, it will takes over the 'connector.table' setting
>   'connector.read.query' = 'SELECT * FROM sometable',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  -- optional: SQL query / prepared statement.
  -- If set, this will take precedence over the 'connector.table' setting
  'connector.read.query' = 'SELECT * FROM sometable',
```
